[DOC] Note that Masker.inverse_transform only performs spatial unmasking in docstring (#3445)
nilearn/nilearn: doc/changes/latest.rst

Enhancements
------------

- :func:`~signal.clean` imputes scrubbed volumes (defined through ``sample_masks``) with cubic spline function before applying butterworth filter (:gh:`3385` by `Hao-Ting Wang`_). 
- As part of making the User Guide more user-friendly, the introduction was reworked (:gh:`3380` by `Alexis Thual`_)
- Added instructions for maintainers to make sure LaTeX dependencies are installed before building and deploying the stable docs (:gh:`3426` by `Yasmin Mzayek`_).

> - Addition to docs to note that :meth:`~maskers.BaseMasker.inverse_transform` only performs spatial unmasking (:gh: `3445` by `Robert Williamson`_).

Reviewer: The space after :gh: needs to be removed for the link to work

```suggestion
- Addition to docs to note that :meth:`~maskers.BaseMasker.inverse_transform` only performs spatial unmasking (:gh:`3445` by `Robert Williamson`_).
```

- :func:`~signal.clean` imputes scrubbed volumes (defined through ``sample_masks``) with cubic spline function before applying butterworth filter (:gh:`3385` by `Hao-Ting Wang`_). 
- As part of making the User Guide more user-friendly, the introduction was reworked (:gh:`3380` by `Alexis Thual`_)
- Added instructions for maintainers to make sure LaTeX dependencies are installed before building and deploying the stable docs (:gh:`3426` by `Yasmin Mzayek`_).

> - Addition to docs to note that Masker.inverse_transform only performs spatial unmasking (:gh: `3445` by `Robert Williamson`_).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Addition to docs to note that :meth:`~maskers.BaseMasker.inverse_transform` only performs spatial unmasking (:gh:`3445` by `Robert Williamson`_).
```
